Accepted story background (#595)
Codeminer42/cm42-central: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Changed

> - [ V2 ] When project is accepted has a different background color.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ V2 ] When story is accepted it has a different background color.
```

Author: Oh, sure.
